Brother Lin, look quickly, is that Shen Zhihan?
It’s not that I don’t want to be a giant.
He caused you to lose so much money last time
This time they will definitely not let him go without mercy.
I suggest you secretly film us last time this time
He has to find someone to have fun with him
This project is weak as soon as possible Okay
Also, I got off the car to attend a business dinner alone.
Need some design in terms of styling
Then I'll ask the company's mobile phone designer to design it for you.
We still have to give newcomers a chance.
I think the new one from the design department is good.
There are two new employees in the design department. Which one are you talking about?
Yes, of course whose design draft
Whose is left?
Are you sure you understand?
I'll go immediately